#151: For October 2018 and before
@cyphersphinx86 opened this issue 107 days ago.  [closed] (4 comments)
@cyphersphinx86 is assigned. 

    ## Summary
    
    Primary coding DAO Parameter validations and tests for these. Secondary promoting Bisq at misc conferences during the year.
    
     - BSQ requested: 500
        Divided as:
             -3 x Helping promoting Bisq at conferences: 150
             -Participation in review and brainstorming: 50
             -Java code: 300
    
     - BSQ address: B1L9b6PkGMPBmvscxkPdLkVhN5HZUEkknzj
    
    ## Contributions delivered
    
    I have been promoting Bisq during networking sessions at various events over the last year. (34c3, BH18, HCPP18)
    
    Minor participations in review and brainstorming processes over the last year.
    
    ## Contributions in progress
    
     I'm primarely seeking compensation for my work on [1769](https://github.com/bisq-network/bisq/issues/1769) which was taken of the planning board due to new refactoring plans for the DAO params. I did not know about these plans and could not hinder working for no 
    reason.
    So PR [1824](https://github.com/bisq-network/bisq/pull/1824) solves issue [1769](https://github.com/bisq-network/bisq/issues/1769), but won't get released.
    I understand that it may conflict with the principles of [proposal 19](https://github.com/bisq-network/proposals/issues/19), but I was encouraged, by @ManfredKarrer to seek compensation anyways due to the situation.
    
    ## Roles performed
    
    - Developer
    - Promoter
    - Reviewer


4 comments:

@ManfredKarrer commented 107 days ago:
    I can confirm that it was my fault that he worked on a bounty task where later I did bigger changes so that his PR did not made sense to get merged anymore.


@ManfredKarrer commented 107 days ago:
    @cypherspace86 Could you split up the 650 BSQ which part is for the code task and the what for the promotion?


@cyphersphinx86 commented 106 days ago:
    Thanks @ManfredKarrer, I'm still figuring out the right way to write feasible compensation requests.
    I have lowered the requested amount a bit and adjusted the proportions.


⁕ assigned by @cyphersphinx86 106 days ago

@ripcurlx commented 103 days ago:
    Closing as complete, see https://github.com/bisq-network/compensation/issues/149#issuecomment-435645489.


⁕ closed by @ripcurlx 103 days ago

