#178: For November 2018
@m52go opened this issue 76 days ago.  [closed] (4 comments)
@m52go is assigned. 

    ## Summary
    
    > _Specify the total amount of BSQ you are requesting, and the BSQ address that amount should be paid to:_
    
     - BSQ requested: 100
     - BSQ address: B1FGfKZQrpbLN9UNMogyJAVTR5PJNRkGPXJ
    
    ## Contributions delivered
    
    > _Provide links to contributions you have [delivered](https://github.com/bisq-network/proposals/issues/19), the amount of BSQ you are requesting for each, and any comments that will help stakeholders understand its value._
    
    **Revise DAO Technical Specification doc**
    Improved various parts of the doc to help newcomers interested in understanding the DAO at a deeper level. Edits focused on clarifying the message, not typos or aesthetics. See [this pull request](https://github.com/bisq-network/bisq-docs/pull/93#event-1989782540).
    
    **BSQ amount requested:**  100 
    
    ## Contributions in progress
    
    > _Provide links to work you're involved with that is still [in progress](https://github.com/bisq-network/proposals/issues/19). **This section is optional,** and is for your own benefit in keeping track of what you're doing and keeping other contributors up to date 
    with the same._
    
    Much of what I've been doing lately hasn't been very visible but will be released for feedback and merging in December. That work includes writings and other items to implement [this proposal](https://github.com/bisq-network/proposals/issues/56), implementing 
    various items on the redesigned website, implementing the docs redesign, and migrating Slack to Rocket.
    
    I expect to take on the roles of Rocket.chat admin in December and email list admin in January.
    
    ## Roles performed
    
    > _Provide links to your [monthly report](https://github.com/bisq-network/proposals/issues/13) on any roles you are responsible for._
    
    N/A.


4 comments:

@ManfredKarrer commented 76 days ago:
    Your requested amount seems very low to me even if most of your work has not been released.


@chirhonul commented 76 days ago:
    I agree with @ManfredKarrer. It is clear that you are doing a huge amount of work and have many efforts underway, and that the value to the bisq community is much greater than the requested amount. I would also encourage increasing the amount you request 
    significantly.


@m52go commented 76 days ago:
    @ManfredKarrer @chirhonul I appreciate your feedback but I'm not sure how I can request more without anything to show for it at the moment. I fully expect to request compensation for the value I'm creating, just pushed forward a bit.


⁕ assigned by @m52go 76 days ago

@ripcurlx commented 71 days ago:
    Closing as complete, see https://github.com/bisq-network/compensation/issues/165#issuecomment-444496356.


⁕ closed by @ripcurlx 71 days ago

