#3: For October 2017
@sqrrm opened this issue 470 days ago.  [closed] (3 comments)
@sqrrm is assigned. 

    ## Basic information
    
    > _Specify the amount of BSQ you are requesting, and the BSQ address that amount should be paid to:_
    
     - BSQ amount requested: 1500
     - BSQ address: B1EFcs4HsAijnxFwZB8QudD5wNTRwTUnNGJ
    
    ## Details
    
    > _Provide links to the work you are requesting compensation for, along with any comments or explanations that will help stakeholders understand its value._
    
    ### Development work:
    Getting started with Bisq development and community. First real PR merged. Took a long time to write due to inexperience with Bisq and java. Probably should only be a few days work rather than the 10 spent. As mentioned in 
    https://github.com/bisq-network/compensation/issues/1#issuecomment-340487067 it only makes sense to request for the work delivered, not the effort spent.
    
    https://github.com/bisq-network/exchange/pull/986
    
    ### Other:
    * Feedback on phase zero doc
    * Review of account age code
    * Compiling Bisq with jdk9 - can be done with effort. Will help gui scaling issues for HDPI screens.


3 comments:

⁕ assigned by @sqrrm 470 days ago

@cbeams commented 470 days ago:
    Thanks, @sqrrm. I've entered this in the voting spreadsheet.


@cbeams commented 465 days ago:
    I've entered this request in the [stake and vote tracking spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xlXDswj3251BPCOcII-UyWlX7o7jMkfYBE-IZ5te5Ck/edit#gid=0) at 1500 BSQ for address B1EFcs4HsAijnxFwZB8QudD5wNTRwTUnNGJ.


@cbeams commented 462 days ago:
    Closing as complete. See bisq-network/dao#8


⁕ closed by @cbeams 462 days ago

