#95: For December 2018
@initCCG opened this issue 201 days ago.  [closed] (24 comments)
@initCCG is assigned. 

    ## Summary
    
     - BSQ requested: 2203 BSQ
     - BSQ address: B1Q9UGZyuoQJ7tGSjFx11D64dvz47RY86XM
    
     - 7 real people have been involved in the work below - most as paid contractors, others as volunteers.
    
    ## Details
    
     - For professional, technical translation by native speakers, the prevailing real market rate we encountered was 0.05 - 0.07 USD / word. We request 0.015 USD / word.
    After all, we paid 0.025 USD / word for initial Thai review, and to  complete  Vietnamese to current level, additional of $76 + $44 = $120.
    
     - Liquidity weeks pay 20 BSQ / week. So at that rate, we request:
        - For XMR 8 month * 4 weeks * 20 BSQ =  640 BSQ
        - For VND 2 months * 4 weeks * 20 BSQ = 160 BSQ
        - For THB and USD 4 months * 4 weeks * 10 BSQ = 160 BSQ
    
    ### Contributions delivered
    
     - Funded and delivered full initial translations of 2 languages -- Vietnamese, Thai.
        - Approximately 28295 words translated total
        - Requesting: 473 BSQ.
     - Funded and delivered full initial reviews of 2 languages -- Vietnamese, Thai.
        - Approximately 23500 words reviewed total and corrected as necessary
        - Requesting:  470 BSQ.
     - Delivered more than 10 percent translation and completion of Russian translation
     - Delivered 85 percent review of Russian translation
        - Approximately 10,000 words reviewed total and corrected as necessary
        - Requesting:  150 BSQ.
     - Hiring and management of translators and reviewers in all above languages
        - Requesting:  150 BSQ
     - More than 8 months of market making in XMR
     - More than 2 months of low-spread market making in VND
     - More than 4 months sell-side liquidity in USD and THB, including first THB-BTC trade
     (our trader node address available upon request)
        - Requesting: 960 BSQ
    
     - _Links to contributions you have [delivered](https://www.transifex.com/bisq/bisq-desktop/dashboard/):_
    https://www.transifex.com/bisq/bisq-desktop/dashboard/
     - _The amount of BSQ requested for each: Please see above._
     - _Comments that will help stakeholders understand its value:_
    
    As most know, and many liquidity weeks show, the developed world doesn't need Bitcoin very much, much less decentralized Bitcoin exchanges. We propose that Bitcoin is most needed and has the most potential on territories owned by groups with unwise and antiquated 
    governing philosophies.
    
    3 examples featured in this block of our work:
    
    - Thailand: The Southeast Asia economic leader, with tremendous wealth and potential, and relatively open to trade. However, the ruling elite is militaristic, exceptionally hierarchical and medieval in their mindset. The general population is industrious, but 
    incredibly brainwashed, and the epitome of the word "sheeple". The ruling gang has just instituted a tax on Bitcoin trading, which can be as high as 22%: 15% capital gains, and 7% VAT. The traders are not yet concerned, because of the "live in the moment" 
    idiosyncrasy of the Buddhist culture...
    THB is not weak, and did surprisingly well during GFC, but it's not stronger than Bitcoin.
    The centralized exchange operators - as their colleagues worldwide - are not interested in decentralized Bitcoin trading, or any of Bitcoin's core ideology. In fact, they are staunchly opposed to it. They only need Bitcoin to become part of the wealthy elite, 
    without changing the status-quo. They are consolidating their power, and will use the government gang to protect their business from competition, including Bisq...
    Thai language is rather different from English, and few there know the latter well. Even those that think that they do, really don't, and the desire to learn English among the general population seems rather low, compare to learning Chinese for example.
    
    - Vietnam: The new destination of choice for business - big and small - fleeing the worsening business conditions in China.
    Incredibly well positioned and endowed with such a long coastline and relatively industrious, educated population - not stuck in an entrenched, centuries-old caste system, the way for example Thailand and India are.
    Much Bitcoin trading goes on in Vietnam, but most of it through shady Vietnamese language Telegram and other social network apps, without the protection that Bisq can offer.
    The Vietnamese ding dong (VND) has been irresponsibly wrecked by the usual suspects, and all who come there instantly become millionaires in it...
    The rulers are unwise, militant, and prone to unpredictable, knee-jerk parroting of regulators in surrounding authoritarian territories.
    The Vietnamese language is impossibly difficult and different from English - both in pronunciation and for example in the insane number of personal pronouns. There is a great desire among the population and young elite to learn and speak English, but it's very 
    difficult even for them to learn due to the languages being so different.
    
    - Russia: Basically continues to be a Franco-Pinochet style dictatorship, which is essentially in a geopolitical situation similar to that of Iran, but with more power and resources to cope with it. Much of the elite holds rather libertarian views, consistent with 
    Bitcoin's core ideology, and has been the source of much libertarian thought for more than a hundred years - Kropotkin, Bakunin, etc.
    The RUR was of course demolished - yet again during our lifetime - in 2014. And it seems personal with the Russian leadership to be able to get out of the USD hegemony in some way they can control - same as it seems with the Iranians.
    Russians have been relatively active in Bitcoin from the OG days - second only to the Anglos and Germans maybe. The leadership is incredibly backwards and unenlightened, however, and could crack down on every kind of Bitcoin trading under any insane pretext.
    A lot of the educated population understands English enough to be able to use Bisq in it, but of course Cyrillic alphabet is significantly different and Russia is like the US in language conditions: one can travel through several time zones, and never need to use 
    anything besides Russian. So, there's little incentive to learn English for those who don't travel out of Russia and former Soviet republics much...
    
    That is our view, and why we consider it imperative for Bisq to gain every possible foothold in these markets, before the powers that should not be in them are able to consolidate their control over the Bitcoin trade.
    These Bisq translations are meant to facilitate Bisq advancement there.
    
    ### Contributions in progress
    
     - Funding second-opinion review of Persian translation
     https://www.transifex.com/bisq/bisq-desktop/language/fa/
     - Continuing review and improvement of Russian translation
    
    > _**This section is optional**._
    
    ### Roles performed
    
     - Not Applicable
    
    > _._


24 comments:

@ManfredKarrer commented 200 days ago:
    Hi, I just want to give a quick feedback (traveling and not enough time to read all).
    - The calculation with bond does not make sense. The arbitration bonds are not defined either atm. So please remove that as that adds just confusion.
    - 1 BSQ is considered as 1 USD - as there is no market nobody knows the real value (will likely be higher) but that is what all contributors base on their contribution.
    
    190k BSQ (equivalent to 190k USD) for translations is far off. I would not accept such a request with my voting power. Calculation based on words and past numbers is not a good metric. Why not just take what you have paid to the translators as your base and use 
    that? I know it is hard and probably past contributions have been over-paid. But when you look at other requests (e.g. a request for a full month dev work is about 7-14k BSQ) you will see that this is not in balance.


@initCCG commented 200 days ago:
    Ok, thank you.
    
    Will do.
    
    If you try to hire professional, or even freelance native speaker
    translators, you'll find that by the word is how they charge.
    The highest such rate we've been quoted by the most accomplished
    professional translators has been 0.07 USD / word.
    
    If 1 BSQ = 1 USD, then even last month's translation request in #91 was
    wildly overpaid:
    https://github.com/bisq-network/compensation/issues/91
    Even at that top professional rate, the 143 word translation, for which
    the contributor was paid 300 BSQ, becomes 10 BSQ.
    
    We've so far translated and reviewed over 45,000 words, in 4 unrelated
    languages, with completely different alphabets, in high-risk jurisdictions.
    
    Plus we had people assigned to find, interview and coordinate them.
    
    So, it doesn't seem fair that we should be paid bottom rates for trying
    to quickly complete languages like Russian for example, which haven't
    been completed or had even one string reviewed years since their
    translation started.
    
    We will of  course accept whatever the stakeholders consider fair.
    
    How do we find the lowest rate per word that a translation contributor
    was compensated in BSQ, and we'll recalculate using that?
    Would that be acceptable?
    
    Thank you for our attention.
    i
    CCG
    
    gpg: B03B 3301 83F3 A497 F433 CCD3 4424 816B 8323 5B37
    
    On 07/29/2018 09:34 AM, Manfred Karrer wrote:
    > Hi, I just want to give a quick feedback (traveling and not enough time
    > to read all).
    >
    >   * The calculation with bond does not make sense. The arbitration bonds
    >     are not defined either atm. So please remove that as that adds just
    >     confusion.
    >   * 1 BSQ is considered as 1 USD - as there is no market nobody knows
    >     the real value (will likely be higher) but that is what all
    >     contributors base on their contribution.
    >
    > 190k USD for translations is far off. I would not accept such a request
    > with my voting power. Calculation based on words and past numbers is not
    > a good metric. Why not just take what you have paid to the translators
    > as your base and use that? I know it is hard and probably past
    > contributions have been over-paid. But when you look at other requests
    > (e.g. a request for a full month dev work is about 7-14k BSQ) you will
    > see that this is not in balance.
    >
    > —
    > You are receiving this because you authored the thread.
    > Reply to this email directly, view it on GitHub
    > <https://github.com/bisq-network/compensation/issues/95#issuecomment-408664165>,
    > or mute the thread
    > <https://github.com/notifications/unsubscribe-auth/Am28qaSpSZl60d6MFzOimcQcRhFrgbFOks5uLYG-gaJpZM4VlVHb>.
    >


@HarryMacfinned commented 200 days ago:
    Concerning : https://github.com/bisq-network/compensation/issues/91
    - this was my very first comp. request here,
    - and I never did professionnal paid translation before (not my job),
    - and I didn't find myself a reference for what to ask
    - and it only concerned a small number of words
    - and I didn't suggest using this "evaluation" as a reference
    
    I'll (of course) adapt my june request to what is the real proper standard for this job.
    
    I think however that the price/word is not the same when you translate pages and full sentences, than when you translate just one isolated word and the other.
    I don't say that for the small task I've done (doesn't seriously matter), but for wanting to have the translations done.
    
    Since it's not a big amount, I think/suggest maybe the best is I'll simply annulate the BSQ request for this june translation task. (Others may use it as a wrong reference).
    And I may ask it later when we have better reference for how the translation task should be valued.


@initCCG commented 200 days ago:
    We don't begrudge any contributor what they were paid.
    
    In fact your valuation seems reasonable, because it seems rather a
    stretch to arbitrarily set a token that doesn't yet exist and has no
    market value at 1 USD equivalent.
    
    Even Bitcoin didn't start that way; hence 10000 BTC pizzas back then... :)
    At this stage 1 BSQ = 0.01 USD or even 1 satoshi seems more appropriate.
    However, Bisq is not our organization.
    So, we naturally accept whatever the founders consider appropriate.
    
    Perhaps, the bigger question then is what else has been wildly
    overcompensated in BSQ, since compensation in it began, and overlooked,
    because it was paid for small task blocks to individuals.
    
    We just highlighted this question by delivering so quickly such a large
    and complete block of initial work as a group effort.
    i
    CCG
    
    gpg: B03B 3301 83F3 A497 F433 CCD3 4424 816B 8323 5B37
    
    On 07/29/2018 02:02 PM, Harry MacFinned wrote:
    > Concerning : #91 <https://github.com/bisq-network/compensation/issues/91>
    >
    >   * this was my very first comp. request here,
    >   * and I never did professionnal paid translation before (not my job),
    >   * and I didn't find myself a reference for what to ask
    >   * and it only concerned a small number of words
    >   * and I didn't suggest using this "evaluation" as a reference
    >
    > I'll (of course) adapt my june request to what is the proper standard
    > for this job.
    >
    > I think however that the price/word is not the same when you translate
    > pages and full sentences, than when you translate just one isolated word
    > and the other.
    > I don't say that for the small task I've done (doesn't seriously
    > matter), but for wanting to have the translations done.
    >
    > Since it's not a big amount, I think/suggest maybe the best is I'll
    > simply annulate the BSQ request for this june translation task. (Others
    > may use it as a wrong reference).
    > And I may ask it later when we have better reference for how the
    > translation task should be valued.
    >
    > —
    > You are receiving this because you authored the thread.
    > Reply to this email directly, view it on GitHub
    > <https://github.com/bisq-network/compensation/issues/95#issuecomment-408679839>,
    > or mute the thread
    > <https://github.com/notifications/unsubscribe-auth/Am28qcDwjhXOa6oPCkSJAutH9bJp6oWtks5uLcBsgaJpZM4VlVHb>.
    >


@ManfredKarrer commented 200 days ago:
    @initCCG The 1 USD = 1 BSQ valuation is what we use since the beginning of the DAO and to change that would render all past requests incompatible as well all requests of other contributors. I also dont think that this is over valued, there will be 2.5 M BSQ which 
    will represent the project value. Compared to OpenBazaar which got valuation of about 20-30M by the investment they received from VCs I think Bisq's project value is likely higher than 2.5M USD. Your 0.01 USD would render it to 25 000 USD, that is even less as what 
    we have on the donation address and would be also the "printing costs of a BSQ in BTC (e.g. the 2.5 BTC used for funding the genesis tx).
    
    Your numbers you mentioned above with 0.07 USD / word and 45k words would result in 3150 USD, so that would be very far away from 190k BSQ (USD). I understand that the confusion is coming from a different USD valuation you are using but as said that would render 
    requests from different persons incompatible.
    
    Please try to find a realistic USD value which you feel good with convert that to BSQ according to the "consensus exchange rate" of 1 USD/BSQ and adjust the request.


@initCCG commented 200 days ago:
    @ManfredKarrer Thank you. Understood. Adjusted.


@ManfredKarrer commented 200 days ago:
    @initCCG Thanks for the update! And thanks for the overview about the different markets.


@ripcurlx commented 200 days ago:
    @initCCG Thanks for your detailed compensation request and contribution! The only thing I want to discuss is, if we should/want to have the same incentive structure as for development work. For development, only code that is actually shipped in a release is up for 
    compensation. So the pull request might be merged to master already, but not shipped and thus not available to the end user. The reason for this is, that we only want to compensate anything that has direct end user value. If we do it for translations the same, it 
    would mean you could do a  compensation request after next release, which will happen this month. What do you think?


@cbeams commented 200 days ago:
    +1 for [delivered work](https://github.com/bisq-network/proposals/issues/19) in the context of translations meaning that they are included in a Bisq release.


@HarryMacfinned commented 199 days ago:
    As for the delivering, I would consider words being on the transifex as delivered,
    because :
    1/ What happens after is no more in translators's control.
    Let's imagine that Bisq needs 6 months to propose a next version, this is Bisq's affair and no more dependent on translators.
    So imo translators should not be impacted/punished by that.
    
    2/ Also, translation may concern people happening to have just some hours this or this day to do a **part** of the job, and not at all planning to finish completely a translation.
    If they think they will be paid in 6 months ... who will candidate ?
    
    3/ translations may be done by people having 0 knowledge about Bisq, and just arriving here by hazard. If the rules are not **straightforward**, I fear they will not deepen a lot. They'll simply jump to something else.
    
    As @BravoIndia wrote, the fact that very few translations were done in the first half of 2018 should be questioning.
    
    We have to navigate between 2 reefs : overpaying ... and haven translations not done, even not beginning.
    The 2 reefs are bad, but being stucked with no translations even starting is really hurting for Bisq imo. The soft is here (lot of work done) ... but it misses some countries cause of no translation.
    I don't know what other stakeholders think about that.


@BravoIndia commented 199 days ago:
    @HarryMacfinned Seconded.
    
    @ripcurlx to expand on my opinion as to why words on transifex should considered delivered, when only development work that is shipped in a release is compensated, I'll paste my comments from #96 :
    
    > By limiting contribution requests to only completed languages you're severely limiting the incentives for individuals to work on languages which are presently at a low level of completion, and that's unfortunate. Transifex already provides a very reliable metric 
    to evaluate productivity (string count / word count), and in principle, partial translations can be released and provide value [they are not the same as, say, partial code]. I think a partial translation is more analogous to an 0.x release update, and certainly no 
    one would say that compensation for development work can't be requested until the 1.0 release.
    > Furthermore, for a p2p decentralized exchange like Bisq, translation can provide immense value expanding the userbase toward those who need it most. Why would we seek to limit the incentives to progress toward that? Just like placing a 100,000 BSQ minimum on 
    compensation requests would limit the amount of contributors, or when the government requires a heavy regulatory burden of small businesses it limits entrepreneurship--so will this limit the actual translation being done. And though I understand that the reality is 
    Bisq won't release a partial translation--it's not as though the people here don't understand that partial translation work can easily and often is built on--especially if people are incentivized to do so throughout and not just toward the end.
    
    A partial translation is, in principle, valuable. Just like code on a 0.x release is valuable, even though it's not on the 1.0 release yet. A partial translation is not partial in the same sense as 'partial code' is partial.
    Also, we know that we want the translation work for the languages that are open on transifex--it's not like code for features we're not sure whether we want in. And unlike code, once it's translated correctly (for the most part) it's translated--there's basically 
    just one way to do it right, whereas with code even if a feature we want is implemented, it might be done too badly to be included in the release.
    
    @ManfredKarrer raised some very interesting concerns in the other thread (#96), answering as to how some translation work might not be worth the cost. And he's right that that's a possibility. But in the case of the languages currently open on transifex, by paying a 
    standard market-rate for translation I think it's overwhelmingly the case that Bisq will get a substantial bang for their buck, considering how cheap it is to acquire and how effective having the software in the local-language is for market penetration.
    
    I mean, how many private companies wanting to expand internationally would not pay like $10,000 for their software to be translated into 3 languages?
    And that's more than $0.25 per word, let alone $1,000 for 3 languages (@initCCG 's rate, for which I think he deserves a higher management fee than 125 BSQ, frankly).
    
    I think allowing compensation requests for partial translations, and paying a decent rate is the right move. And that incentivizing more translation work should be the higher priority.


@ManfredKarrer commented 199 days ago:
    I agree that the amount @initCCG requested is very low and he deserves a higher compensation. Thanks @BravoIndia to bring that up!
    I see in the feedback that the model with getting paid when software is shipped gets quite a bit of friction and I think we should reconsider that model and/or make it more flexible. I have not a very strong opinion on either side. The goal with the strict model is 
    that Bisq is not producing stuff which never is getting used but to focus on the value for the users of anything we do. But not applying that model everywhere does not mean it ends up in that negative situation automatically. If we take care and keep an extra eye on 
    areas which might have an exception from that rule it still might work well if that areas is productive with what is paid for in BSQ. So I think we should be pragmatic here and see what works best.
    
    I personally would like to delegate that to one who feels responsible to the translation area and come up with a suggestion which works for all who are currently involved. Simplicity of the model is for sure a great plus.


@HarryMacfinned commented 199 days ago:
    I have the same feeling.
    200.000 BSQ was imo a far too high evaluation, but I feel a problem with 2000 BSQ for several persons realizing 4 translations. (Even if the cost of life varies indeed greatly from country to country.)
    It's also in Bisq's long term interest, we must no discourage future translations.
    
    It's also true that having languages translations ... without arbitrators in the given language, is certainly a really hard issue (speaking from the support cubicle !).


@initCCG commented 199 days ago:
    
    As we mentioned, we are not in a hurry to receive this compensation. We
    thought that we had to meet some kind of July deadline, and put
    submitted it now.
    We will change it to whichever month you wish.
    i
    CCG
    
    gpg: B03B 3301 83F3 A497 F433 CCD3 4424 816B 8323 5B37
    
    On 07/30/2018 06:46 AM, Christoph Atteneder wrote:
    > @initCCG <https://github.com/initCCG> Thanks for your detailed
    > compensation request and contribution! The only thing I want to discuss
    > is, if we should/want to have the same incentive structure as for
    > development work. For development, only code that is actually shipped in
    > a release is up for compensation. So the pull request might be merged to
    > master already, but not shipped and thus not available to the end user.
    > The reason for this is, that we only want to compensate anything that
    > has direct end user value. If we do it for translations the same, it
    > would mean you could do a compensation request after next release, which
    > will happen this month. What do you think?
    >
    > —
    > You are receiving this because you were mentioned.
    > Reply to this email directly, view it on GitHub
    > <https://github.com/bisq-network/compensation/issues/95#issuecomment-408763361>,
    > or mute the thread
    > <https://github.com/notifications/unsubscribe-auth/Am28qesJQwlK6xsAMjFpaiueo5SbcnTYks5uLqvcgaJpZM4VlVHb>.
    >


@ManfredKarrer commented 199 days ago:
    @initCCG
    You can add a WIP (work in progress) to the title if you want to postpone it for next month and change title to August instead of July.
    There is no expiry data on completed work, so no issue if you move it to next month.
    I would recommend to do it as there are quite a bit of discussion going on to find a proper model how to compensate translation work and your current amount feels too low to me (and others). We are all in a learning period here as the model of our DAO is new and we 
    need to find the best practice...


⁕ renamed by @initCCG 199 days ago

@initCCG commented 199 days ago:
    
    One member of our alliance has followed Bisq since hearing an interview
    about it in 2016.
    This trial involvement has been useful for us, and we understand much
    more about the status of Bisq project and its organizational structure.
    
    It is difficult to absorb so much verbose, complicated discussion in a
    foreign language.
    
    We have a professional spokesperson in English, but we would have to
    bring him up to date on this, and expend his man-hours to work it,
    further increasing our costs, which we don't consider worthwhile doing yet.
    
    We have already endangered ourselves and our subcontractors enough
    simply by funding Bisq translations for our significant markets that are
    ruled by soldiers and other militants, where Bisq/BTC are actually
    needed. So, we respectfully decline to join any calls at this time.
    
    The compensation mechanism proposal we have would add complexity, as you
    indicated regarding compensation in arbitrator bonds, which seems
    similar to the way "gas" and "Eth" are are used.
    That debate would draw attention from development, which would be
    counterproductive for us and Bisq.
    
    We are sure that our initial translations are not perfect, and continue
    to be "WIP".
    
    We humbly accept whatever compensation will be awarded us by the
    stakeholders, under the rules of Bisq founders and your organization.
    
    Buddha Nature tells us that "When words are the same as silence, better
    to be silent".
    We apologize that we cannot spend more man-hours and be more helpful on
    the compensation mechanism.
    We don't expect to have further comments on this matter at this time.
    
    Thank you for your attention and consideration.
    CCG
    ---
    #Plow with Carabao!
    #Plow like Carabao!
    gpg: B03B 3301 83F3 A497 F433 CCD3 4424 816B 8323 5B37
    
    On 07/31/2018 06:11 AM, Manfred Karrer wrote:
    > @initCCG <https://github.com/initCCG>
    > You can add a WIP (work in progress) to the title if you want to
    > postpone it for next month and change title to August instead of July.
    > There is no expiry data on completed work, so no issue if you move it to
    > next month.
    > I would recommend to do it as there are quite a bit of discussion going
    > on to find a proper model how to compensate translation work and your
    > current amount feels too low to me (and others). We are all in a
    > learning period here as the model of our DAO is new and we need to find
    > the best practice...
    >
    > —
    > You are receiving this because you were mentioned.
    > Reply to this email directly, view it on GitHub
    > <https://github.com/bisq-network/compensation/issues/95#issuecomment-409106513>,
    > or mute the thread
    > <https://github.com/notifications/unsubscribe-auth/Am28qWCo6fYt2M1_gM7NkWIb-KkBxmMiks5uL_UcgaJpZM4VlVHb>.
    >


@ManfredKarrer commented 198 days ago:
    @initCCG I am sorry to hear that it gets too complicated for you but understand it.
    A small suggestion from my side to make your request more realistic is to increase it to 3000 BSQ. But no worry if you don't want to. I will vote for your request anyway. You added a lot of value by providing the translations and the market making. All the details 
    how we deal exactly with the requests and estimations are secondary at the end. Have understanding that we are exercising a new model and we are all learning how to do that best - both for contributors and BSQ stakeholders.


⁕ renamed by @initCCG 179 days ago

@initCCG commented 179 days ago:
    Moved to September due to Thai formatting problem, new strings, and Persian review second opinion.


⁕ renamed by @initCCG 139 days ago

@initCCG commented 139 days ago:
    Persian and Vietnamese new strings still not finished. Thai pending Java 10 integration.


⁕ assigned by @initCCG 138 days ago

@ripcurlx commented 138 days ago:
    Java 10 support will be part of release 0.9.0 mid of October.


⁕ renamed by @initCCG 107 days ago

@initCCG commented 107 days ago:
    Not yet delivered, pending 0.9.0 release and Persian review.
    Thai and Vietnamese ready to release.


⁕ renamed by @initCCG 78 days ago

@initCCG commented 78 days ago:
    Not yet delivered, pending 0.9.0 release.
    Persian review still in progress.
    Thai and Vietnamese no longer ready to release due to latest 391 strings changed and added.
    We will not have manpower to do these prior to next release, except maybe Persian, if we're lucky.
    Latest strings and changes done in Russian, except for 1 new string for an obscure altcoin.


@initCCG commented 47 days ago:
    Vietnamese and our part of Thai initial delivered.
    Persian has been removed, because still WIP.


⁕ renamed by @initCCG 47 days ago

@ripcurlx commented 40 days ago:
    Closing as complete, see https://github.com/bisq-network/compensation/issues/183#issuecomment-451638745.


⁕ closed by @ripcurlx 40 days ago

