#67: For April 2018
@alfsbs opened this issue 289 days ago.  [closed] (5 comments)
@alfsbs is assigned. 

    ## Basic information
    
    > _Specify the amount of BSQ you are requesting, and the BSQ address that amount should be paid to:_
    
     - BSQ amount requested: 20
     - BSQ address: B16kMZonmnNXrZvSqGuXVjpWWTZnSVG3xJb
    
    ## Details
    
    ### BTC/GBP Liquidity
    
    Participated in BTC/GBP Liquidity week keeping 2 positions open. Volume was 0.05 BTC, and there was no transaction match, will adapt volume for next liquidity week
    
    ### Payment Method Maintaner: bisq-network/roles#38


5 comments:

⁕ assigned by @alfsbs 289 days ago

@cbeams commented 289 days ago:
    @alfsbs, could you also please report on your first (partial) month of work as Payment Method Maintainer in bisq-network/roles#38? Please do so per the instructions at bisq-network/proposals#13, thanks.


@cbeams commented 289 days ago:
    Note that there shouldn't be any compensation requested for this work, as no new payment methods have been delivered (per bisq-network/proposals#19), but it's still desirable to have everyone playing roles under the DAO report on those roles every month (however 
    briefly) and to link to that report from their monthly compensation requests.


@cbeams commented 289 days ago:
    I just realized, actually, that this compensation request is specific to the GBP liquidity week, so it makes sense that you didn't mention anything about your Payment Method Maintainer work here. In principle it's fine to do per-task compensation requests like this, 
    but in practice, while we're doing everything via the spreadsheet, and things are a bit manual and cumbersome, it's a better in practice to do a single monthly compensation request that itemizes the different tasks you performed and links to the reports on the 
    different roles you played. This gives voting stakeholders a single request to vote on per contributor. So feel free to change the title of this request to "For April 2018" and then do the report as mentioned and update the description of this issue to link to it. 
    Thanks.


⁕ renamed by @alfsbs 289 days ago

@cbeams commented 282 days ago:
    Thanks for following up with the report comment at https://github.com/bisq-network/roles/issues/38#issuecomment-385894663, @alfsbs. You'll see my additional comment about it at https://github.com/bisq-network/roles/issues/38#issuecomment-387371388.
    
    In the future, please link directly to these reports from your compensation request issue descriptions. e.g. instead of:
    
    > ## Payment Method Maintaner
    > bisq-network/roles#38
    
    as you have it above, you can just do a single line item / bullet point, e.g.:
    
    > - Payment Method Maintainer: https://github.com/bisq-network/roles/issues/38#issuecomment-385894663
    
    Thanks again for your work!


@cbeams commented 282 days ago:
    Closing as complete, see https://github.com/bisq-network/compensation/issues/58#issuecomment-387381841.


⁕ closed by @cbeams 282 days ago

