#140: For September 2018
@arunasurya opened this issue 137 days ago.  [closed] (4 comments)
@arunasurya is assigned. 

    ## Summary
    
     - BSQ requested: 710
     - BSQ address: B1PFD3uscJqFQfLNAS6bWQtr1PUahrWNvC7
    
    ## Contributions delivered
    
    * Participated in September market kick-start day (10BSQ)
    
    ### Learning and spreading the word (300BSQ)
    
    * I studied various concepts related to Bisq like public key cryptography, hash functions, proof of work, P2P networks, git, pull requests.
    * I started making presentations and charts to explain Bisq (not shared publicly yet).
    * I made some F2F trades to learn how Bisq works. I noticed many of the issues below when doing this.
    * I went to local meetups and discussed Bisq.
    
    ### Pull requests (50BSQ)
    
    * https://github.com/bisq-network/bisq/pull/1674: Improved grammar of seed info
    * https://github.com/bisq-network/bisq/pull/1684: Improved grammar of Welcome text
    
    ### Reported issues (350BSQ)
    
    I am only including the issues that I have reported and that have been closed by merging some changes to master.
    
    * https://github.com/bisq-network/bisq/issues/1704: Window "Trading wallet is sufficiently funded" appears for too short a time
    
    * https://github.com/bisq-network/bisq/issues/1707: An offer maker's contact information is not easily seen in an F2F trade
    
    * https://github.com/bisq-network/bisq/issues/1703: Same onion address appearing as multiple peers
    
    ~I have made some pull requests that have been merged and reported some bugs that have been fixed but the changes have not yet been delivered to users in a release, so I am not requesting compensation for them yet.~


4 comments:

@cbeams commented 137 days ago:
    > I have made some pull requests that have been merged and reported some bugs that have been fixed but the changes have not yet been delivered to users in a release, so I am not requesting compensation for them yet.
    
    Hi @arunasurya, per https://github.com/bisq-network/proposals/issues/38#issuecomment-425028818, please feel free to request compensation for contributions that have been merged to master. I'll need to update the proposal that defines delivery to reflect this.


⁕ assigned by @arunasurya 137 days ago

@ripcurlx commented 136 days ago:
    @arunasurya Sorry, but I missed the updates on your compensation requests and now already too many have already voted. Could you please re-submit your compensation request for everything else except for the market kick-start day participation next month? Thanks!


@arunasurya commented 136 days ago:
    Hi @ripcurlx , no worries, I will file again next month! Thanks!


@ripcurlx commented 134 days ago:
    Closing as complete, see https://github.com/bisq-network/compensation/issues/121#issuecomment-426911712


⁕ closed by @ripcurlx 134 days ago

