#111: For August 2018
@Emzy opened this issue 168 days ago.  [closed] (4 comments)
@Emzy is assigned. 

    ## Summary
    
    > _Specify the total amount of BSQ you are requesting, and the BSQ address that amount should be paid to:_
    
     - BSQ requested: 400
     - BSQ address: B16X76GXZ3hDTkDRiRtb1bYN1bAuDpP7nSE
    
    ## Contributions delivered
    > Provide links to contributions you have delivered, the amount of BSQ you are requesting for each, and any comments that will help stakeholders understand its value.
    
    None.
    
    ## Contributions in progress
    > Provide links to work you're involved with that is still in progress. This section is optional, and is for your own benefit in keeping track of what you're doing and keeping other contributors up to date with the same.
    
    None.
    
    ## Roles performed
    
    > _Provide links to your [monthly report](https://github.com/bisq-network/proposals/issues/13) on any roles you are responsible for._
    
    ### Substantive reports
    
    none
    
    ### Nothing to report
    
    - Bisq Pricenode Operator at bisq-network/roles#14 (50)
    - Bisq Seednode Operator at bisq-network/roles#15 (50)
    - Bisq Bitcoin Node Operator at bisq-network/roles#67 (250)
    - Bisq Mailman Operator at bisq-network/roles#26 (50)
    
    ## Compensation calculation:
    
    no Setup, only maintenance
    
    Monthly costs nodes: 5* VPS (50 / node) -> 250
    Monthly costs dedicated node 100
    Monthly costs mailinglist server: 50
    =400


4 comments:

⁕ assigned by @Emzy 167 days ago

@cbeams commented 164 days ago:
    @emzy, please review the (approved) proposal at https://github.com/bisq-network/proposals/issues/30 around how to itemize your compensation requests. As a shortcut, just look at how I and @ripcurlx did it this month at 
    https://github.com/bisq-network/compensation/issues/114 and https://github.com/bisq-network/compensation/issues/109. In particular, look at how the roles are itemized on both sides with regard to how much BSQ is being requested. Thanks.


@Emzy commented 164 days ago:
    @cbeams I changed it.


@ripcurlx commented 164 days ago:
    Closing as complete, see https://github.com/bisq-network/compensation/issues/107#issuecomment-418244359


⁕ closed by @ripcurlx 164 days ago

@cbeams commented 164 days ago:
    Thanks, @Emzy. I didn't mean for you to go back and change this one, just for the future, but thanks for doing so in any case!


