#22: For December 2017
@Emzy opened this issue 408 days ago.  [closed] (5 comments)
@Emzy is assigned. 

    ## Basic information
    
    > _Specify the amount of BSQ you are requesting, and the BSQ address that amount should be paid to:_
    
     - BSQ amount requested: 700
     - BSQ address: B16X76GXZ3hDTkDRiRtb1bYN1bAuDpP7nSE
    
    ## Details
    
    > _Provide links to the work you are requesting compensation for, along with any comments or explanations that will help stakeholders understand its value._
    
    Running of 3 Bitcoin Fullnodes.
    3 onion address
    3 clearnet address
    3 VPS servers and one dedicated server.
    See: https://github.com/bisq-network/roles/issues/39
    
    Running one Pricenode and one Seednode server.
    Paying for a $12 USD / Mounth bitcoinaverage.com Subscription (for the Pricenode)
    
    Running the bisq-contrib mailinglist server
    
    ## Compensation calculation:
    
    no Setup
    
    Monthly costs nodes: 5* VPS (50 / node) -> 250
    Monthly costs dedicated node 100
    Monthly costs mailinglist server: 50
    =400
    
    Extra efforts caused by problems with seednode and bitcoin nodes.
    =300
    
    Total
    =700


5 comments:

@ManfredKarrer commented 407 days ago:
    Feel free to add the extra efforts caused in that month with trying to get the issues with the nodes stable. I think the 50 BSQ does not cover the real effort.


@Emzy commented 407 days ago:
    OK. For the extra efforts caused in this month I would add en extra of 75% for all nodes.
    =700


⁕ assigned by @Emzy 406 days ago

@cbeams commented 406 days ago:
    This request has been entered into the [2017.12 tab](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xlXDswj3251BPCOcII-UyWlX7o7jMkfYBE-IZ5te5Ck/edit#gid=548599266) of the BSQ stake and voting spreadsheet and is ready to be voted on.


@csacher commented 404 days ago:
    @Emzy the role spec is missing at: https://github.com/bisq-network/roles
    Please follow "How to Create a New Role" (point 1 and 2 are already settled, follow 3,4,5).


@cbeams commented 379 days ago:
    Closing as complete. See bisq-network/dao#26.


⁕ closed by @cbeams 379 days ago

